Add known issue with password policy to release notes (#2446)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/release_notes.adoc

=== Known Issues

> - When the **Password Policy** public link expiration policies (_days maximum until link expires if password is set_ and _days maximum until link expires if password is not set_) are enabled, sharing with users/groups does not work any more. A fix for this issue is being worked on. If you have already upgraded to 10.4.0, please disable both options until the fix is available and deployed on your system. https://github.com/owncloud/password_policy/issues/286[#286]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the **Password Policy** public link expiration policy (_days maximum until link expires if password is not set_) is enabled, sharing with users/groups does not work any more. A fix for this issue is being worked on. If you have already upgraded to 10.4.0, please disable this option until the fix is available and deployed on your system. https://github.com/owncloud/password_policy/issues/287[#287]
```

See https://github.com/owncloud/password_policy/issues/287#issuecomment-597442075 - it is just that one setting that causes the breakage. The other setting is not causing a problem.

The issue for the breakage is 287.

Issue 286 is about annoying stuff with the UI not being so friendly when creating/adjusting a public link when there are password policy public link expiration policies enabled. IMO that is actually and existing "feature" (I will double-check that against 10.3.2)

Author: Thanks for clarification :+1:
